This is determined exclusively by the size of the down payment.
How can it not fit?
Okay, he's just jealous of Miss Ben.
Also don't put it in your eyes.
I still have to go back and give it to my relatives.
Girls combine jewelry and makeup.
Like I said, you two will pay attention to me next time.
Don't put this in the store for me again.
The imported tiles at the door are better than their house.
Yes, yes, ma'am.
Then good.
Then I'll wait a few days before joking.
Go.
What are you two still doing here?
Get out of here! Who gives your dog?
Dare to talk to the deputy general and his wife like that.
You pay special attention
Seemingly
Your special image is described in quite the right place.
Everyone admits it
Hey, what are you doing?
I am the store manager.
Quickly take out the old lady's outfit.
I have no patience anymore.